In this practice work you will deal with a dataset from machine learning competition platform Kaggle (kaggle.com).
This platform is created to make competitions between machine learning engineers and/or data analysts. 
If you want to increase your machine learning skills you could participate in competitions at this platform.

This practice work is dedicated to machine learning competitions like at the Kaggle platform. 
The dataset was taken from kaggle machine learning competition "Titanic: Machine Learning from Disaster". In this machine learning
task you will have to predict which passengers survived the Titanik shipwreck.

Taking 'train.csv' as the training dataset you should train the best machine learning model that you can 
and predict answers for 'test.csv'. Please, don't cheat and use 'train.csv' and 'test.csv' from the laboratory work directory.

Don't forget about these points:

1. Use cross-validation to estimate your model before sending answers to me
2. Analyze features in this dataset and try to combine them to create new features
3. Use features preprocessing (transformations and imputing) if need
4. Try to analyze the features' importance
5. Use different machine learning models and try to change parameters of training for them to achieve better results.

Here is work order:
0. You will be split into 4 teams (see '5th lab teams.xls'). The resulting score of this work will be set to all teammates equally.
1. Take the training dataset and train a machine learning model, estimate it, don't forget about the analysis of features.
2. Taking 'test.csv' predict the column 'survival' for this dataset.
3. Make an ipython notebook with an analysis of training data and update 'test.csv' by new column 'survival'.
4. Send the ipython notebook and updated 'test.csv' to my email on behalf of your team (with the subject 'ML competition Team #<the number of your team>').
5. I'll check your answers and score your work by some classification measure and send this score to you.
6. If you send this work before the deadline (17:00 of Beijing on Friday) you can resend it to achieve a better result.
7. After the deadline your last sendings will be used to estimate your work.

A team that takes the best result will be given the maximum score of this lab (10)
A team that achieves the second place will be given 9 points (or 10 if ipython notebook will contain a detailed analysis of the task)
A team that achieves the third place will be given 8 points (or 9 if ipython notebook will contain a detailed analysis of the task)
A team that achieves the fourth place will be given 7 points (or 8 if ipython notebook will contain a detailed analysis of the task)


在本练习中，您将处理来自机器学习竞赛平台Kaggle（kaggle.com）的数据集。
创建该平台是为了在机器学习工程师和/或数据分析师之间展开竞争。
如果您想提高机器学习技能，可以参加此平台的比赛。

这项练习工作专门用于机器学习竞赛，例如在Kaggle平台上。
该数据集来自kaggle机器学习竞赛“泰坦尼克号：灾难中的机器学习”。在这个机器学习中
您将必须预测任务，哪些乘客在Titanik海难中幸存。

以'train.csv'作为训练数据集，您应该训练最好的机器学习模型
并预测“ test.csv”的答案。请不要作弊，请使用实验室工作目录中的“ train.csv”和“ test.csv”。

不要忘记以下几点：

1.在向我发送答案之前，使用交叉验证来估计您的模型
2.分析此数据集中的要素，并尝试将其组合以创建新要素
3.如果需要，使用特征预处理（转换和插补）
4.尝试分析功能的重要性
5.使用不同的机器学习模型，并尝试更改其训练参数以获得更好的结果。

这是工作指令：
0。您将分为4个小组（请参阅“第5个实验小组。xls”）。这项工作的最终成绩将平均分配给所有队友。
1.获取训练数据集并训练机器学习模型，对其进行估计，不要忘记特征分析。
2.使用“ test.csv”预测此数据集的“生存”列。
3.用分析培训数据制作一个ipython笔记本，并通过新列“ survival”更新“ test.csv”。
4.代表您的团队（主题为“ ML竞赛团队编号<您的团队编号>”）将ipython笔记本和更新的“ test.csv”发送到我的电子邮件中。
5.我将检查您的答案，并通过一些分类方法对您的工作进行评分，然后将此评分发送给您。
6.如果您在截止日期（星期五北京17:00）之前发送此作品，则可以重新发送以取得更好的效果。
7.在截止日期之后，您的上一次发送将用于估计您的工作。

取得最佳成绩的团队将获得本实验的最高分（10）
获得第二名的团队将获得9分（如果ipython Notebook将包含对任务的详细分析，则为10分）
取得第三名的团队将获得8分（如果ipython Notebook将包含对任务的详细分析，则为9分）
取得第四名的团队将获得7分（如果ipython Notebook将包含对任务的详细分析，则为8分）
